[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the episode 8 season
finale recap of the l word generation
cue as always there will be spoilers so
proceed with caution if you're
interested in winning some l-word merch
make sure to watch until the end of the
video or go here it's finally election
night and fete along with hundreds of
her supporters friends and members of
the press are packed into Dana's for the
official campaign watch party the polls
have just closed and the election
results are beginning to trickle in bet
is matching her opponent Geoff Milner
district for district and the party's
mood is becoming cautiously optimistic
as expected
PR tightened Annie's intensity level is
through the roof yet she somehow find
the time to look at bet like this
[Music]
as the last of the results come in DNA
and vet retreats to Shane's office /
wine cave to await the final decision
together dozens of page refreshes later
the wait is over and Jeff Milner is
officially declared the newest mayor of
Los Angeles County but that has only a
few moments to process the devastating
loss after reassuring a stunned Danny
that reet eyes her scarf emotionally
pulls herself together then walks out
with her head held high and painfully
concedes the election bet and the gang
are at Shane's house and Bette is in an
unnaturally high spirits for having just
lost an election she explains to Alice
and Shane that mayor Milner reached out
and offered her a position in his new
administration he wants Bette to
spearhead a task force created to
address the city's opioid problem and
that has jumped at the opportunity she
may not have won the election but at
least she's able to tackle the one issue
that led her to run in the first place
vet and Danny have just loved the last
of the campaign swag from former
headquarters to Chateau Porter after a
quick chat about Danny's lack of future
career plans vet asked Danny to join her
as an opioid Eradicator in Milner's
administration Danny tells bet that
during afternoon wine with big pharma
Daddy Warbucks she learned that her
father's company had back Milner's
campaign the entire time and that bets
opioid task force is a setup Milner is
taking fistfuls of opioid cash from big
pharma Daddy Warbucks and using bet as
an opioid beard the revelation leaves
bet absolutely gutted baby Angelica is
home from school and searching for her
mama B she finds Bette in living room
number two taking a good old fashioned
depression nap thankfully angie is an
insightful emotionally intelligent teen
that won't allow her mother to wallow in
self pay she peels bed off the couch and
forces her to go on a hike angie takes
Bette to the place where they spread
some of kids ashes
and tells mama B that this is where she
comes whenever she feels sad the two
have a beautiful heartfelt talk about
grieving and sex and there's even a
throwback to bets silent retreat and
mother and daughter screamed their lungs
out to the California Hills on their way
back they run into Maya a cute reporter
that attended Beth's watch party she
asked bed out on a date and although
Bette doesn't commit right away
Angie teases her and tells her she may
have just met the love of her life the
last we see a vet this season is her
walking into a restaurant to meet her
potential future booth bang Maya Alice
is still struggling with being through
polis or more specifically NAT less at
Betts watch party she scrolls through
tender looking for someone to fill the
hole in her heart but all she finds is a
beautiful woman who may or may not have
a parakeet obsession Alice shelves the
search and the next day while hanging
with Shane and Bette is inspired by
Betts determination to stay true to
herself even in the face of her painful
loss to Milner thoroughly motivated
Alice shows up to work with a new
attitude she's not letting the network
bigwigs change her show she calls an
emergency staff meeting and tells her
people that if they're going down
they're going down on their own terms
doing a show that matters to them she
then tells Sophie it's a book well-known
writer and feminist Roxane gay and tells
drew he'd either get on board or he can
get out of the way during the interview
Alice comes clean with Roxanne and her
audience about her throuple experience
saying I thought I was this cool open
understanding queer lady who wanted to
live outside of every box and I'm not
I'm just heartbroken because I just want
then in a moment straight out of every
rom-com ever NAT stands up in the middle
of the audience and says I'm here the
cameras continue rolling as NAT hijacks
the interview and tells Alice how much
she loves her and that she's willing to
fight
for her and only her at the beginning of
the episode Shane gets a call and has to
leave that's watch party early which is
never a good sign when you have a
pregnant wife at home
we then see Shane rush into an emergency
room waiting area where she tries to
comfort a shaken Chiara Chiara is
bleeding and has been waiting to see a
doctor
Shane is enraged and demands that her
wife be seen immediately causing the
nurse to run off and find a doctor it's
a stressful situation for everyone and
although Kiera tries to hold it together
it's evident she's deeply worried
sometime later they're back at home and
here is lying in the fetal position
sobbing and it becomes apparent that she
had a miscarriage
the next day Kiera walks in on Shane
packing up a box of toys that had
recently been sent to them by friends
when asked why Shane tells cue she was
afraid that seeing the toy so soon after
her miscarriage might be upsetting Kiera
then tell Shane that she plans on trying
to get pregnant again and Shane doesn't
have much to say
Hira angrily accuses Shane of being
relieved about the miscarriage and the
to fight after accusing Shane of only
loving herself Kira
throws her wedding ring at Shane and
stomps away it's late and poor Shane is
driving around La feeling sorry for
herself when she sees a stray dog
rooting through the trash for food she
picks up the dog which I guess makes
sense but we'll have to wait until next
season to find out what happens with
Chiara Shane and the pup Sophie is at
Betts watch party watching Danny watch
bed while Finlay watches her Danny it
takes a quick break from vet watch to
give Sophie some much-needed attention
Finlay watches them with a regretful
look on her face and the moment Danny
bounces she rushes over and hits Sophie
with the we need to talk Finley's
explains that she doesn't want to mess
things up for Sophie and Danny and wants
to pretend as if the kiss never happened
Sophie quickly agrees but it's clear the
kiss is still on the forefront of her
mind it's the day after the election and
for the first time in a long time Danny
doesn't have a damn thing to do so she
decides they should fly to Hawaii and
elope
Sophie's super reluctant but Danny is
hot and persistent and Sophie eventually
gives in Danny invites her father over
for some afternoon wine and to tell him
about her plans to fly to Hawaii
tomorrow and elope with Sophie Daddy
Warbucks has never been a fan of Sophie
and Danny's relationship and if there's
one thing about him that I admire
it's his consistency he maintains his
view that Sophie is beneath Danny and
arises that because Sophie comes from a
broken home she's gonna leave Danny when
things get tough because that's what
she's used to then Danny's like Oh daddy
knock it off and he's all like okay
honey Sophie is leaving work for the day
when she runs into Finley who asks her
for a ride home on their way out
Finley has a drop off a bouquet of
flowers in the green room and Sophie
uses the opportunity to tell her about
eloping in Hawaii with Danny
after pressing Finley to tell her how
the news really makes her feel Sophie
can no longer control her desire for
Finley or you know her desire for
attention invalidation and despite all
of the very strong opinions about the
Finley Sophie pairing it's hard to deny
that their love scene was arguably the
best love scene of the entire season
later that evening Sophie is in bed
sobbing and Danny the world's worst
reader of basic human emotion thinks
Sophie is simply nervous about their
upcoming nuptials Danny reassures Sophie
of her love and tells her she'll always
be there for her Finley is once again
outside of Rebecca's house but this time
she's far from drunk she tells Rebecca
about the lapse in judgment with Sophie
and how she's afraid it may have ruined
Sophie's relationship with Danny Finley
also apologizes to Rebecca about the
priest comment Rebecca questions whether
hooking up with Sophie was truly a
mistake or something else the two exes
then get into a deep conversation about
shame and Rebecca suggests that Finley
start taking responsibility for some of
the things she's done
Finley takes the advice to heart and the
very next thing we see her do is return
the bike she stole in Episode one Sophie
and Finley are backstage at Alice's show
Finley tells Sophie she's flying home to
Missouri for her sister's wedding and
her plane leaves tonight
a clearly emotional Sophie asked Finley
if she's coming back and Finley says yes
Finley then says a quick goodbye and
walks away Sophie is on the verge of
going after her when Drew interrupts and
Sophie is forced to let Finley leave
it's now torture the audience time Danny
is waiting at the airport Finley is
waiting at the airport sophie is at the
airport what happens next
find out next season on the l word
generation cue it's opening night at an
art show featuring Jose's paintings and
Micah is excited not only does he get to
support his man but Jose has made Micah
the main subject of one of his paintings
and Micah can't wait to see it
Jose unveils the piece and Micah is
stunned
it's a beautiful work of art and Micah
is amazed at how Jose sees him he turns
to Jose and finally utters the l word
and hosea responds in kind later in the
evening Micah is taking in Jose's
amazing art while Jose is off hobnobbing
with some people from the art world
a random guy comes up to Jose and starts
a conversation with him about Jose's art
and how much it's changed over the years
the man then introduces himself as Scott
Jose's husband
because you guys have been so awesome
and supportive and have stuck with me
these past eight episodes I wanted to
show my appreciation so I'm doing a
giveaway which should be live by the
time this video is posted there's only
one requirement to enter the giveaway
and that is that you be a subscriber of
the channel there will be two winners
and you'll both receive the same awesome
Alice mug the link for the giveaway is
in the description box and like I said
the giveaway is live now I still have
one more l-word video coming your way
next week and it will be a full season
review I'll go over the good the bad and
the weird stuff that happened this
season and a few season 2 predictions as
well and let me know in the comments
what did you guys think about the first
season of Generation Q I will definitely
include some of your comments in the
next video so tell me how you really
feel
thank you as always for watching make
sure you're subscribed because I have
some really cool content on the way that
I will tell you all about in the next
video I'll see you guys next week
[Music]